NAME                                       MOUNTPOINT                         MOUNTED  CANMOUNT  COM.SUN:AUTO-SNAPSHOT
gauss                                      legacy                             no       off       -
gauss/home                                 legacy                             yes      noauto    true
gauss/home/corin                           /home/corin                        yes      on        true
gauss/home/corin/.cache                    /home/corin/.cache                 yes      on        false
gauss/home/corin/.gem                      /home/corin/.gem                   yes      on        false
gauss/home/corin/.m2                       /home/corin/.m2                    yes      on        false
gauss/home/corin/.npm                      /home/corin/.npm                   yes      on        false
gauss/home/corin/.vim                      /home/corin/.vim                   no       off       false
gauss/home/corin/.vim/swapfiles            /home/corin/.vim/swapfiles         yes      on        false
gauss/home/corin/Pictures                  /home/corin/Pictures               yes      on        true
gauss/home/corin/Pictures/gource           /home/corin/Pictures/gource        yes      on        true
gauss/home/corin/Pictures/gource/repos     /home/corin/Pictures/gource/repos  yes      on        false
gauss/home/corin/src                       /home/corin/src                    yes      on        true
gauss/offsite                              /offsite                           yes      on        false
gauss/tmp                                  legacy                             no       on        false
gauss/usr                                  legacy                             no       off       true
gauss/usr/local                            legacy                             no       on        true
gauss/usr/src                              legacy                             no       on        true
gauss/var                                  legacy                             no       off       true
gauss/var/lib                              legacy                             no       off       true
gauss/var/lib/docker                       legacy                             yes      noauto    false
gauss/var/lib/libvirt                      legacy                             no       noauto    true
gauss/var/lib/libvirt/images               legacy                             yes      on        true
gauss/var/lib/machines                     legacy                             yes      noauto    true
gauss/var/lib/machines/dev-win             legacy                             no       on        true
gauss/var/lib/machines/dev-win/hd1         -                                  -        -         true
gauss/var/lib/machines/vmware65            legacy                             no       on        true
gauss/var/lib/machines/vmware65/datastore  legacy                             yes      on        true
gauss/var/lib/machines/vmware65/hd1        -                                  -        -         true
turing                                     legacy                             no       off       true
turing/ROOT                                legacy                             no       on        true
turing/ROOT/nixos-18.09                    legacy                             yes      noauto    false
turing/ROOT/tmp                            legacy                             yes      on        false
turing/offsite                             legacy                             no       on        false
turing/usr                                 /usr                               no       noauto    true
turing/usr/src                             /usr/src                           yes      on        true
turing/var                                 legacy                             no       off       true
turing/var/lib                             legacy                             no       off       true
